Add doc style guide and make docs adhere to it (#5983)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/modules/usage/feedback.md

When you submit data, you can submit it either publicly or privately.

- **Public** data will be distributed under the MIT License, like OpenHands itself, and can be used by the community to
train and test models. Obviously, feedback that you can make public will be more valuable for the community as a whole,
so when you are not dealing with sensitive information, we would encourage you to choose this option!

> - **Private** data will only be shared with the OpenHands team for the purpose of improving OpenHands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Private** data will be available to anyone who has the URL, and used by the OpenHands team for the purpose of improving OpenHands. It will not be distributed in public datasets.
```

(I actually think we should not call it "private" in the UI, because it's not private, it does appear to be available to anyone who has the link. That is, unless when I noticed that it was some bug)

Reviewer: That works too. Maybe also remove the "only".

Author: Done!
